In the last lecture we had a look at this whole binding syntax.
Now let's look at directives.
And here I want to focus on so-called structural directives which are directives that really change
the structure of our page by adding and removing elements like your.
It's called products but we actually only have one product.
Let's change this behavior and let's say whenever we click the button we want to add a new product.
Therefore when we clicked this I want to execute a function on add product maybe the name is up to you
and I will remove that disabled binding here and give it as a caption of ad product.
And now we need to add this on add product function to our typescript File here in the class we simply
add on add product as a method to the class.
This will be executed whenever we click the button now.
Now here I want to add a product.
And for this we want to manage a list of products sold add a new property called products which is an
array and let's say a product is simply a string like a book or a tree.
So we started with two products here in on ad product.
I'll reach out to products and call Porsche to add a new product and here a want to add the product
user entered which remember is bound to product name.
So I want to push the value of this product name here.
Now this will add the element to the array but we won't be able to see it.
This is where directives come into play here we have a death and I want to repeat this Divx for every
product in our array.
We do this with Engy for it here.
We use the following syntax but we need double quotation marks and also please note this to start in
front of it.
Does this an absolutely necessary part telling angular that this is a structural directive that will
change the document.
So we don't have to use is let like in next gen javascript where are you define variables.
Let product though this name is totally up to you of products.
This name is not up to you this name here is referring to debt products property here.
This will now loop through all the products and creates debt Dave for every single one of them.
Of course here I don't want to put the product in the user entered up here though.
I want to output product which is just an element of the product array here and there for which is just
a string.
So with that if we now save this we actually see our list of two products.
And if I add a new one like maybe a house and click add product you see it's added below it.
Does this how we can change the structure of this element with this structural directive.
Now both sides Engy forth.
There also is energy if energy for outputs a list energy if allows us to conditionally render something.
Let's say the button.
We don't want to disable or enable it but we only want to show it once is disabled is false.
It's true initially and after three seconds it's false.
So let's go back here and let's say input and buttons should be shown only if it's false.
So Angie if and that's all added with a star because it changes the document it adds or removes this
element N-G if should only be shown if it's disabled is false.
So here that we need quotation marks.
We specify the condition.
And this has to be something that returns true or false.
For example is disabled should be false.
So we have to add exclamation mark to reverse it and that's at the same condition to the button.
Now with that if we save this we shouldn't see it put in but at the beginning.
But after three seconds both appear here they are.
And we can use it again.
These are structural directive which will also see quite a bit in of course they are super useful and
they allow us to manipulate our document at runtime.